Software Engineer Jun. 2021 - Nov. 2022
◦A/B Experiment Platform: Develop and maintain the feature flag module of the platform. Feature flag is a
software development technique that turns certain functionality on and off during runtime, without deploying new
code. 
Feature flag provides many powerful functions like canary releases, version control, whitelist, rollback,
scheduled release, workflow.

Developed many core functions of featureflag module like version control, whitelist, scheduled release. Feature flag is a software development technique that turns certain functionality on and off during runtime, without deploying new code. 

◦Tab Service: Tab Service is the core of A/B experiment platform.It divides the traﬀic completely at random.
Significantly improved the performance and reliability of the tab service through many optimizations, such as
multi-level caching, batch report event, code optimization.

• The 28th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group Corporation Nanjing, China
Software Engineer Jul. 2019 - May. 2021
◦Database Middleware: The Database Middleware encapsulates different database interfaces, like Mysql,Oracle,
and then provides the same set of interfaces for upper-layer applications. So the application can use same code to
visit different databases. The middleware adopts C/S architecture, client part is provided to the upper-layer
application to communicate with server part, server part adopts the reactor pattern, which supports a large
number of concurrent requests. At the same time,server has a database connection pool based on the LRU
algorithm, which reduces the overhead of frequent creation and destruction of database connections
◦Database Synchronization: The Database Synchronization is used to sync different databases, like
Mysql,Oracle.It solves many problems,like loop synchronization, ring synchronization, data consistency. It realizes
reliable transmission and congestion control based on a custom communication protocol and supports parallel
synchronization with multiple nodes.
• Baidu Shanghai, China
Software Engineer Jul. 2018 - Jul. 2019
◦Order Monitor: In payment system,an order will go through many steps to finish,and an order may stuck in any
step for some reason. At first,one script monitor one situation,so there are hundreds of scripts,which is hard to
maintain. All scripts merge to the order monitor tool which has three parts, data acquisition, analysis, and alarm
send.
◦Order Maintenance Tool: Order Maintenance Tool provides a overview of all the orders based on flask.The tool
adopts B/S architecture, you can fix an abnormal order on the web page quickly.
Programming Skills
• Languages: C++, Go, Python Technologies: Linux Server, Multithread, Socket, Event-driven
